[narr]
In the previous episode,
a rival made
an appearance
to challenge our favorite
player, Tsubasa.
His name is Shun Nitta.
Nitta demonstrates
his ability
by using his special
move, The Falcon Shot,
and Tsubasa is awestruck
by its power.
In the other hand,
the rest of team Nankatsu
was very confident
in themselves,
having won the national
tournament twice in a row,
and Tsubasa decides to
correct their behavior
by being firm
and decisive.
Fine, you asked for it.
[narr] Motivated by
Tsubasa's words,
Ishizaki and the rest
decide to train hard
to defeat Team Otomo
in the Shizuoka
prefecture finals.
On their side,
Urabe, Kishida,
Nakayama, and Nishio
are also training
to beat Tsubasa.
And so...
the first day of
the elimination phase,
which will be followed by
the national high school
tournament began.
Both teams have
excellent players
to battle
on the field with.
Which of the two teams
will come out on top?
Will it be Nankatsu
or will it be Team Otomo?
Both of which
have players
of a high
competitive level.
Take this goalkeeper!
My Falcon Shot!
[falcon screech]
Yeah!
[laughs]
[narr] Team Otomo
was the first to qualify
for the finals
of the prefecture,
followed by Nankatsu.
Izawa!
-Taki!
-[grunt]
-Kisugi!
[narr] Team Nankatsu
defeated Team Okabe
in the semifinals
5 goals to 1.
They're playing really well.
They've gotten better since
we last played together.
Now that Tsubasa
plays in the midfield
and Izawa, Taki, and Kisugi
play on the offense...
Morisaki, Takasugi,
and Ishizaki
are playing calmly
on defense.
Ha!
Even if they have
a good formation,
in the end, the weight of
the team is in Tsubasa.
It doesn't matter
if he plays here or there...
he's the one deciding
everything the team does.
And so,
if we immobilize him,
they won't be able to
beat us.
[Kojiro]
It's true that Tsubasa
-is their key player.
-Huh?
But...
you're too na ïve to think
that stopping Tsubasa
is an easy task
to accomplish.
[Hanji]
You're...
Kojiro Hyuga.
You have to take my word
for it.
After having lost and
placed second two times
in the national tournament,
I know it's not
an easy task.
But this time, it's all
gonna go differently.
This year,
we're even stronger.
On top of that,
the coordination
in a team is key.
In soccer, the only way
to obtain victory
is through teamwork.
You'll see.
We'll be
the uncontested champions
of the national tournament.
Yeah, maybe so.
But we'll be the ones
to defeat Nankatsu
and they won't get to
play against you guys.
[laugh]
Oh, you're killing me.
That's a good joke, man.
I've already seen
you guys play and...
I'll have you know
you have no chance
against Nankatsu.
-[gasp]
-What did you just say?
[Shun]
Hey there, Hyuga...
With your track record,
I don't think you have
the right
to say anything to us.
And why wouldn't I?
Because your own team...
hasn't won a single
tournament.
Unlike a team lead by me.
I was able to defeat
Team Meiwa...
when I used to play
for Nankatsu.
My name is Shun Nitta.
And don't you forget it.
Huh?
[chuckles]
[narr]
Episode 30:
Prefectural Tournament
Final Game!
Falcon Shoot Appeared!
-[Kumi] Hello, good morning.
-Huh?
Good morning, Kumi.
Today is the big finals.
Finally, this is the most
important match.
If our team manages to win,
we'll qualify to
the national tournament.
What's that?
Who brought that?
Oh this?
It's just something
I prepared for the team.
These are
honey lemon slices.
I just thought the guys
would get thirsty.
You sure it's not just
-for Tsubasa?
-Oh...
Uh, of course it isn't
just for him.
Come on, just say it.
It's really obvious, Sanae.
I'm sure Tsubasa
will fall in love with
your honey lemon slices.
Your refreshment
will revitalize him.
Letting him recover
his energy, so he can...
shoot...
and score a goal!
-Who are you talking to?
-Huh? What?
[gasp]
We're leaving now. Kumi.
Uh... Yeah. I'm going.
-[cheers]
-[ann]
We're in
the elimination phase
to represent
the Shizuoka prefecture,
and the stadium is
- going wild.
-We're with you, Nankatsu.
- Emotions are
-You guys can do it.
- running rampant.
-Destroy their team.
-Do it, Otomo!
-We're going to win today!
We'll finally get to see
the famous Tsubasa.
Yeah I'm so psyched.
It'll be interesting.
[Furuoya]
Team, pay attention.
Until now, we've defeated
teams easily.
But Team Otomo
is a completely
different team now.
You must stay concentrated
at all times.
Don't get cocky!
-Yeah!
Hey, Coach.
Hm?
What's on your mind, kiddo?
I'm aware that...I have...
to respect my position.
But allow me
to cover Nitta.
You want to cover him
man to man?
Yeah, Urabe and the rest...
will be defending
their own goal.
And they plan to use
Shun Nitta
to run their counterattacks.
Their strategy
depends on Nitta
managing to get close
to the danger zone.
If I play like always,
Nitta will be free
to attack.
And that's precisely
what Team Otomo
wants us to do, sir.
I ask you...
let me cover him man to man.
Then it's settled.
It'll be just like you say,
Captain.
Get ready to go out there.
-Yeah!
[Hanji]
Don't you forget it.
We've been trying to
beat Nankatsu
for a year already.
And today, is the day
we make that team
fall down on their knees.
Listen to me well.
It doesn't matter
what happens.
We have to win
no matter what.
This time, we'll make sure
Nankatsu's humiliated
by knocking them
out of the tournament.
-Yeah!
Yeah! Let's go!
Yeah!
[ann] The rival teams
are entering the field.
Until now, we're tied
in every aspect.
Whoever wins this
will take home everything.
I know you can do it!
Otomo, we have to become
the champions this year!
[ann]
Both of these teams
have their best players
on the field,
which of these teams
will have the honor of
making it to
the national tournament?
Here you'll see
Nankatsu's formation,
from the comfort of
your screen.
It'll be
an exciting match.
Now the rival team,
Otomo High,
composed of some
old Nankatsu members,
also with the talented
Shun Nitta.
And Isamu Ichijo
as their goalkeeper.
This will be a match
where friendship
is set aside
to battle in the field.
Will Tsubasa be able to
take his team to victory?
Or will it be Otomo
who claims
their rightful place?
It is a battle where only
the strong will prevail
and will have you
biting your nails
from excitement.
Nankatsu versus Otomo
is about to begin!
[whistle]
[ann] The fire in
their heart lights
as the whistle blows.
Kisugi and Izawa
switch to offense.
Surely their captain
will follow their attack.
Maybe not,
ladies and gentlemen.
Nankatsu's captain
maintains his stance.
What's he doing?
Why's he not attacking?
He's supposed to attack
with them.
We don't need Tsubasa
with us.
We can help you just fine,
Urabe.
You shut up, goldie locks.
-All together now.
-Yeah!
[ann]
Nankatsu's forwards
are running straight
to the enemy's goal.
You won't get through
our defense.
I'll have my payback.
When we played in Nankatsu,
they always had
the spotlight.
While we...were always in
the background.
They don't know how
humiliating it all was.
They made us feel inferior,
and useless.
But this time,
we'll make sure...
they know how it feels
to be belittled and misfits.
Let's win this.
We'll crush them,
leaving them out of
the national tournament.
-[growl]
-Now you'll see
what we're capable of.
We're going to win,
Nankatsu.
Prepare to be defeated.
Yeah, you keep thinking
that'll happen.
Taki!
Huh? What just--?
[growling]
[gasp]
[ann] And Otomo gains
possession of the ball.
-This can't be happening.
-[gasp]
[ann] Otomo's
new quartet,
lead by Hanji Urabe,
has demonstrated
their valor in the field
and now pressure
Nankatsu.
It's impossible. They never
played like that before.
We can't let them
get through us.
-Yeah!
I hope you're ready.
[grunt]
[gasp]
[ann] Urabe makes
a long pass to Nitta,
who receives it
without hesitation.
Otomo is on
the offensive.
That was an awesome pass,
Urabe.
Yeah, well,
you won't get through.
-[grunt]
-[growl]
What?
[ann]
Otomo's number 9
is running
at an impressive speed,
- heading straight to
-[gasp]
Nankatsu's goal.
Oh, that was way too easy.
Huh?
[ann]
But Nankatsu's captain
goes to fight him
head on.
That's impossible.
He knew what we were
planning to do.
Hello there, Tsubasa.
I've been waiting
a long time for this.
[Tsubasa]
I'm here, Nitta.
Come, I accept
your challenge.
[falcon screech]
[hawk screech]
[ann]
Woah!
Nitta and Tsubasa clash.
[growl]
[ann] But it wasn't
a problem
for Nankatsu's captain.
This can't happen.
But how?
Nankatsu,
it's time to attack.
Hey, where do you think
you're going, Tsubasa?
Our battle is
far from over.
Looks like the rumors
were all true.
Tsubasa sure is strong.
Yeah, it looks to be
that way.
What're you waiting for,
Tsubasa?
Come closer
so I can humiliate you.
[ann] Otomo's quartet
closes in
to stop Nankatsu's
number 10.
[Hanji]
We trained for a whole year
to defeat Tsubasa,
and team Nankatsu.
We've trained every day
without breaks...
[Koji] ...to have the same
skill and speed
as your team.
[Masao] And now, the time
has come to prove...
[Takeshi]
...that our determination
is better than your talent.
You won't get through,
Tsubasa.
Be ready to fight us
head on.
This is the result of
all of our training.
[Tsubasa] Urabe, you won't
take me by surprise.
I know how you play.
[ann] Team Otomo surrounds
Nankatsu's captain.
Huh?
[smirks]
You're mine.
Huh?
[ann]
But what's this?
Looks like Tsubasa
loses his balance and falls.
Tsubasa!
Huh?
Tsubasa?
Jito, I don't understand
what just happened.
The opponent is stronger
than we all thought.
Huh?
When Tsubasa was attacked
by the quartet,
he lost control of
the situation.
[grunt]
Their movements
are very precise.
I tried to trick them,
but they reacted
at an alarming speed.
[Hanji] You coward, you knew
you couldn't handle
all of us by yourself
and decided to pass it.
Listen up, everyone,
go to Ishizaki.
-Yeah!
-What?!
If Tsubasa couldn't do it,
I definitely can't.
[grunt]
Tsubasa's off our backs.
It's our opportunity, boys.
Ah! Tsuyoshi.
[grunt]
Huh?
Ah! Takasugi!
-Oh...
[ann] Team Nankatsu
is being pressured
by the terrifying
Otomo quartet.
That plan is working.
As long we keep Tsubasa
in check,
he can't do anything.
[growl]
Damn it all.
-That's enough, Ishizaki.
-Huh?
Don't listen to what
they're saying.
Pass the ball to Tsubasa,
that's it.
Uh... Yeah.
[ann]
Takasugi
- passes the ball
-[grunt]
- back to his captain.
Tsubasa is still
the target of Otomo,
even now.
Come on, Tsubasa!
Izawa!
[ann]
Tsubasa kicks
a long pass
to the other side.
No, that ball's mine.
[ann] But Nakayama
waits for the ball
to intercept it.
What just--?
[ann]
What an impressive spin.
The ball changes course.
-That's it!
-Yeah!
[ann] Tsubasa knew
that they would
try to intercept
the pass,
and that's why
he kicked the ball
with a spin
from the get go.
That was a great pass,
Tsubasa.
Nakayama's a fool.
That's what happens when
you underestimate Tsubasa.
[ann] Izawa closes in
on the goal.
- He winds up the shot
[yell]
and...
-Yeah, our first goal.
-[laugh]
[grunt]
[ann] And the goalie
saves the day.
Otomo's goalkeeper
with a magnificent block.
No, it's impossible.
-Come on!
-Come on, come on!
[chuckles]
It's best if you don't
underestimate us.
Otomo High's defense
is invincible.
[narr]
And we're back!
[ann] The skill of
Otomo's goalkeeper
has kept the first goal
from happening.
It was
an excellent catch.
That was a good block,
Ichijo.
He was able to stop
Izawa's shot up close.
It's incredible.
This can't be happening.
[Tsubasa]
Izawa has never missed
a shot from that distance.
It's hard to believe.
Oh no...
I was sure he would score
a goal back there.
There's no doubt that
Otomo's goalkeeper
is amazing.
[Hiroshi]
At this rate, Nankatsu
-will lose this match.
-Huh?
Hey, you!
What do you mean
Nankatsu will lose?
Are you crazy?
Ah! Oh, hi, Hiroshi.
How are you?
Uh...
How are you, Yukari?
It's so nice to see you.
What're you doing
all the way here?
Uh, what do you mean,
what am I doing here?
I came to witness
Nankatsu's strength myself.
The real question is
what're you doing here,
Yukari?
For your information,
I'm the manager
of Team Nankatsu.
Yukari, tell me,
you know
this muscular brute?
Yeah, I'll introduce you.
He's my cousin from Kyushu.
His name is Hiroshi Jito.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
Mhm.
Hey, you came to
spy on Nankatsu?
-Why are you really here?
-Mhm, mhm.
All right, fine,
I'll explain myself.
We came to see how strong
Nankatsu really is,
but by the looks
of things...
Team Otomo is outplaying
them in every single way.
Tsubasa couldn't handle
their quartet.
And the shot that
looked to be a sure goal...
was stopped by
Otomo's goalie.
And I haven't
even mentioned
number 9's
incredible ability.
Maybe I'm exaggerating,
but he's very strong.
[Katagiri]
You're very right.
Huh?
Even if he did lose
against Tsubasa,
he can keep up his pace
with no problem, you know?
Tsubasa already knew
how strong he was.
That's why he preferred...
to be on defense
so he could cover him.
[Hiroshi]
Hey, and who might you be?
I'm from the Japanese
Soccer Federation.
Munemasa Katagiri.
And you're Hiroshi Jito.
From Nagasaki.
And you play for
Team Hirado,
isn't that right?
[gasp]
The two teams are
dedicating
almost all their attention
into defending.
That's why it's becoming
hard to attack.
That means whoever scores
the first goal
will surely take home
the win.
By how strong Otomo's
goalkeeper is,
the only way I see
Nankatsu winning
is if Tsubasa
shoots to the goal.
However,
Nitta would be free.
And he'd be a big threat.
If that were ever to happen,
Otomo would be in
a better situation
with their offense
and defense.
They'd have too big
an advantage.
-Huh?
[Katagiri]
That's why...
we could basically say that
this match is a duel between
Shun Nitta and
Tsubasa Ozora.
Oh!
[ann] The defense passes
the ball to Nitta.
But here comes
Nankatsu's captain
determined to stop him.
[Shun] Come, Tsubasa,
I'll be waiting for you.
Maybe you beat me
in strength,
but I'm more agile
than you.
And this time around,
you'll see what
I'm capable of.
-What?!
-Take this!
Here comes my falcon shot!
[falcon screech]
[ann] Nitta kicks
a powerful shot
directed at Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[ann] The ball graces
Tsubasa's right cheek
like a shooting star and
- flies directly to the goal!
-Morisaki!
[yell]
-Yeah! We scored!
-Good job, Nitta!
[ann]
And the ball is
- out of bounds!
-[gasps]
Just when we thought
the ball would go in,
it deviates from the spin.
-No!
-No, they were saved
by the skin of their teeth.
Damn it!
[sighs of relief]
-We were saved by a miracle.
-Yeah.
-Ah!
-Huh?
[Ryo]
Tsubasa!
Perfect.
You were able to
deviate my shot.
You knew it was going
straight for your face.
If you would've dodged it
completely...
that shot would've been
a goal...
and that's why
you wanted to grace it
to change its trajectory.
[chuckle]
What is so funny?
I'm happy, Nitta.
You're incredible.
It's been a while since
a player challenged me
in that way.
[grunt] Tsubasa, you sure
you're okay?
Hey, coach,
ask for a timeout.
Uh, yeah.
[whistle]
[ann] And the referee
blows his whistle
to stop the match
for a moment.
The players get
a much needed break.
Tsubasa doesn't have
a rival?
[Katagiri]
That's correct.
Japan is too small a country
for Tsubasa already.
In fact, I don't think
there's anybody here
that can possibly go
toe to toe with him.
Kojiro Hyuga from
Toho Accademy,
and his goalie
Ken Wakashimazu...
Jun Misugi from Musashi...
Matsuyama from Furano...
and the Tachibana twins
from Hanawa.
All of them were his rivals
during his younger years.
However, the last two years
he's been playing
in high school.
None of them have managed
to achieve the level
that Tsubasa holds now.
Instead of making me happy,
it worries me that Tsubasa
can't keep developing
his talents.
But now that he's met
Shun Nitta,
he's regained
that sensation
of feeling pressured
by his opponent.
He's gained the motivation
to give it his all
on the field.
That's a huge relief.
What Tsubasa needed
was exactly this.
A worthy opponent
to battle with.
And to be quite frank,
my dear friend...
I know that you too
could also become
a worthy opponent
for Nankatsu's captain.
That's obvious, sir.
Don't you worry,
I'll have him trembling.
You'll see, just you wait.
Hold on just a second.
Since when are you
good at soccer?
[growl]
You be quiet!
-You be quiet!
-[laughs]
[ann] The break is
finally over
and the players are
coming back to the field.
Thanks to
Shun Nitta's presence,
Tsubasa had decided
not to attack to cover him,
but time's unforgiving.
Every second is
an opportunity.
Otomo's captain will
shoot the corner kick.
Will it be a pass
to Nitta?
Tsubasa's not
- batting an eye.
-[whistle]
Here!
[ann]
What's going on?
The ball wasn't
going towards Nitta,
but to Nakayama.
Morisaki, get the ball.
Yeah.
[grunt]
[ann] And the ball's in
the keeper Morisaki's hands.
Damn you, Yuzo.
I'm open!
[ann] Morisaki clears
the ball,
passing it to Izawa.
Izawa receives the pass
without problem.
[panting]
[ann] But he's quickly
intercepted by Otomo.
Urabe!
-[gasp]
-[ann]
Otomo has
demonstrated their skill
against Nankatsu,
- taking control of the ball.
-Whoa!
But with Tsubasa
covering Nitta,
Otomo doesn't have
an opening
to shoot the goal.
Neither of the teams
have managed to score
the first goal.
But the tension's
so high,
everyone's watching
and petrified.
It's just like
I mentioned before.
The first one to score
will be the winner
of the match.
That's right.
It's interesting to think
about how they'll manage
to score the winning goal.
[ann] There's
less than a minute
for the first half
to finish.
And Nankatsu
keeps attacking,
attempting to break
Otomo's powerful defense.
Forget that.
We know they don't
stand a chance against us.
It's so frustrating.
With them in our way,
we can't advance
any further.
Get ready, Kisugi.
[Tsubasa]
I'm going to the right.
Huh?
[ann] Woah, Tsubasa
stopped covering Nitta
and joins his teammates
- in the offense.
-[gasps]
What a game!
[Katagiri]
At exactly the right time.
Well done, Tsubasa.
[gasps]
Tsubasa!
[ann] Izawa passes
the ball to the right.
Everyone to Tsubasa.
[ann] Otomo's quartet
runs frantically
to cover Tsubasa.
[Tsubasa]
Otomo's quartet...
is very strong.
Congratulations, guys...
you've improved a lot,
but...
I can't let you guys win.
What?
What's he doing?
My turn to attack.
Nankatsu will win.
[ann]
Tsubasa shoots!
Stop it!
[yell]
[ann]
And it's in!
The ball hits the net!
Tsubasa doesn't falter
under the pressure
and connects a shot
to the corner of the goal.
The score is
Nankatsu 1 - Otomo 0.
Yeah!
We scored the first goal!
-Bravo!
-Yeah!
That's how you do it,
Tsubasa.
You're the best
-of the best.
-That's right!
[ann] That was
a truly spectacular kick!
What a cannonball
of a shot.
It was incredibly
powerful.
This is the first time
Otomo is scored on
- during the prefecture's
-This can't happen...
- elimination phase.
-[whistle]
And the referee signals
the end of
the first half.
The elimination phase
for the Shizuoka prefecture
- feels like we were watching
-[laugh]
- a national caliber match.
-Tsubasa!
Tsubasa Ozora...
What a strong player he is.
It was very risky to make
a shot with his position.
Even then, he managed
to kick a perfect shot.
It was impressive.
Everything is written down
in my notes.
Excellent.
[Katagiri] Excellent change
of strategy.
Worthy of a captain,
Tsubasa.
- Even if you didn't score
-What a great shot.
- in the first half,
-How do you do it,
- the result would've
-Tsubasa?
- been the same.
-Thank you.
- Not covering Nitta
-Now we have to close out
- at the last second
-the game, Ishizaki. We
- was an excellent
-can't let our guard down.
- decision.
-Remember that.
There's no doubt that
your talent is innate.
Damn Nankatsu.
In the end,
Tsubasa ridiculed us again.
I'm warning you...
Tsubasa and Nankatsu
isn't an easy team
to defeat, you guys.
[Hanji] We've been training
so hard for this moment.
This won't end like this.
We're going to
defeat you at last.
This is far from
being over, Tsubasa.
I can't believe it.
How did he score
from that distance?
I won't let you keep
ridiculing me, Tsubasa.
Prepare yourself,
because this time...
I'll be the one to score!